---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-notes/21-oct-24/"}
---

back in Edinburgh!

From today's menu
- [x] Paper: [[An Extended Commentary on Post-Publication Peer Review in Organizational Neuroscience\|An Extended Commentary on Post-Publication Peer Review in Organizational Neuroscience]]
- [x] Tasks: move forward with [[Paperstars/Paperstars Project\|Paperstars Project]]
‚
Overall a pretty productive day - most been working on the [[Paperstars/Paperstars Project\|Paperstars Project]]. It feels like pretty slow going because the framework is still so unintuitive for me. I'm sure things will become clearer the more I work on it, but at the moment it is still pretty frustrating. I'm very motivated to work on it, but I think part of the problem is that I'm looking at the potential finished product as the goal, rather than the smaller, more manageable ones. I'm also getting wrapped up in the smaller details, like the css, but honestly, having something nice to look at while I build it will actually make it feel more real and more productive in a way. I know this from my experience working on different [[shiny\|shiny]] apps, such as the [[L-Analytics Project/L-analytics\|L-analytics]] app, the [[Textbook Companion\|Textbook Companion]], or the [[M14/M14\|M14]] app. 

I've also become more entangled in the Obsidian system, using a lot of community plug-ins, not just for functionality but also for use. For example, today I explored an extension that adds icons, which I have added to my "[[Cheatsheet\|Cheatsheet]]". That page is becoming my bible - every shortcut and every basic computational process is going on there. So much so, that I've added the page as a tab in the sidebar, so it is always accessible.

Anyway, rambling thoughts. Tomorrow I'm joining of code workshop to get some support with the [[Paperstars/Paperstars Project\|Paperstars Project]] and maybe even meet some like-minded folks. Will report back tomorrow (or Wednesday).