---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-notes/8-oct-24/"}
---

Today I am trying to figure out how to link my Obsidian to my Notion. Ideally, I'd like to link any to-dos that come up in Obsidian to a notion database but I'm not sure how to accomplish this.

I have also set up two integrations to Zotero - one to add a citation in pandoc-style and one to add a reference list panel. That way, I can use a shortcut to insert a citation which automatically gets added in pandoc style. Once I move away from that citation, it turns [@Smith_2024] into Smith et al., 2024 and I can see the reference in the reference panel. From there I can copy it into the note. I'm still trying to work out if I can add the bibliography automatically, without having to copy and paste. I especially like that the pandoc reference panel includes a link to zotero so I can view the paper there, as well as any other pdfs/ files connected to that paper. There is also an option to just type "@" and start typing the author for citation suggestions.

[Page](https://medium.com/@alexandraphelan/an-updated-academic-workflow-zotero-obsidian-cffef080addd) that I used to guide me
... and a whole lot of not reading, just doing.

Slowly working my way through my todos for today, which seem to by mainly admin - currently trying to set up my Notion to give me a to-do menu for the week. I like this idea better than concrete blocking, as it gives me the freedom to select what I'm in the mood for, which is way better for my brain.

**14:28** I've managed to set up my Notion with buttons which allow me to start the week, review my todo menu, and end each day with a wrap up, as described in [[Daily Notes/7-Oct-24#Thoughts on Melanie Stefan's process\|7-Oct-24#Thoughts on Melanie Stefan's process]]

I can honestly say the most exciting thing about today was setting up and playing with the zotero integration.

I've added the CodeEmitter integration which allows me to run blocks of code:

```python
x = 2+2
print(x)
```

